# BitcoinClusteringWithGeneticAlgorithm

## Introduce
We propose a model that classifies different transaction information by clustering and learning through similarity and transaction pattern of cryptocurrency transaction information. By using characteristics of genetic algorithms, we can get better clustering performance by eliminating unnecessary elements in clustering process. The transaction information including the clustering value is set as the training data, and the transaction information can be predicted through the classification algorithm. This can be used to automatically detect abnormal transactions from various transaction information of the cryptocurrency.

## Datasets
We used Bitcoin network dataset in ELTE Bitcoin Project
https://senseable2015-6.mit.edu/bitcoin/

# Procedure
## Preprocessing
Original Bitcoin network dataset is too small features to cluster valid result.
So we created at 1,105 addresses 97,816 transactions in December 2017.

## Clustering
 There are several attributes in the preprocessed transaction data. Among them, there are negative factors that can reduce the efficiency of clustering, such as the number of blocks. However, it is very likely that if you eliminate these suspicious factors through preprocessing and clustering, you will fall into the question of local optimization. Genetic algorithms are used to solve this problem.
 The genetic algorithm arbitrarily selects 30 chromosomes marked with a binary number as attribute of the transaction data. Each chromosome is clustered by K-mean, PAM, Clara algorithm and evaluated by Silhouette value.
 In this way, through the evolution of 10 generations in total, we find optimal transaction attributes in clustering, and finally clustering using the model with the highest evaluation.

## Classification
The data set required for classification learning is generated by using a clustering model showing optimal performance. K-Nearest Neighbor, Naive Bayes Classifier, Support Vector Machine, and Neural Network models are used for data classification. Each model consisted of 70% of the training data and 30% of the verification data, and each learning was performed 30 times to measure the average of the accuracy.

## Requirment
R: R studio 1.1.441 and R 3.4.4.
Python : Pycharm 2018.2.4 and Python 3.6 
